--- page 1 ---
From: Pat Goodman
To: CITY COUNCIL (INCL. CMO STAFF); supplementalcomm@surfcity-hb.org
Subject: Yes on Agenda # 8 and # 24 and pass a compliant Housing Element
Date: Monday, September 15, 2025 11:05:54 AM
Please vote YES on consent item # 8 to extend the management contract with
Mercy House to operate the Navigation Center. We're seeing great results for
this service to our community.
  
Please vote YES on item # 24 to explore the termination of the Symphony of
Flowers.
 
 I'm sure it seemed like a good idea at the time but as the details
unfolded it was not a good location for this project, and may not fit the vibe
of Huntington Beach.
  
Also related to housing, although not on the agenda, please approve the
Housing Element - 6th Cycle in order to maintain local control of our
planning and development operations here in Huntington Beach.
 
 A
compliant Housing Element will also permit the city to apply for grants to
assist those in need of housing services.
Thank you,
Pat Goodman
Huntington Beach, CA
On Monday, June 30, 2025 at 04:56:44 PM PDT, Pat Goodman <patgoodman@yahoo.com> wrote:
Dear Mayor Burns and City Council,
Somewhat related to agenda #10 is political campaign signs.
 
 I hope that you
will appoint a committee to address the bighte of political signs during the
campaign signs that appear in public areas.
 
 I would be happy to serve on
the committee.
Thank you.
Pat Goodman
09/16/2025
8 (25-467)
--- page 2 ---
From: Kent Braithwaite
To: city.council@surfcity-hb.com; supplementalcomm@surfcity-hb.org
Subject: Agenda Item 8
Date: Monday, September 15, 2025 11:14:40 AM
You don't often get email from kntbrthwt@aol.com. Learn why this is important
September 15, 2025
Dear Members of our Huntington Beach City Council,
I am urging you to vote YES on Agenda Item #8 approving the contract with Mercy
House for the Management of the Navigation Center. This resource has changed the
lives of many of our residents in our city so that they are able to live healthy, safe, and
stable lives. Many residents have also transitioned to permanent supportive housing
with the support of our case managers.  
While some may argue that the contract exceeds two million dollars, leaving these
residents unhoused will cost the public much more.  Furthermore, I urge you to pass
a compliant Housing Element, a plan which provides local control of the city's zoning
and development.  Passing the Housing Element will also qualify us for grants to
address the housing needs of residents and fund much of the cost of the Navigation
Center. I'd just like to add that if we were to shut down the Navigation Center and fail
to serve the unhoused population, we will need to return the millions of dollars which
funded the purchase of the land.
Let's be fiscally and morally responsible!
Sincerely,
Jenny Braithwaite
